[Move Book] Add documentation for op equal (#649)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/smart-contracts/book/variables.mdx

For more details, see [Move references](references.mdx).

### Compound Assignments

_Since language version 2.1_

> Move also supports compound assignment operators.

Reviewer: add:

These are like an assignment to a variable, or a mutation through a reference, except that the assigned location must already have a value, which is read and operated on before being stored back into the location.

Currently these are only applicable to numeric values.

Author: done

| Syntax | Description                                                 |
| ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------  |

> | `+=`   | Performs addition and update the left-hand value            |

Reviewer: update --> updates

You might also want to be extremely explicit somewhere about the de-sugaring:

It's not good practice to have side-effects in the middle of an expression referring to a storage location to be modified, but to understand the behavior of such code, it may be useful to know that
`e1 += e2` is equivalent to `let tmp = e2; let lhs = &mut (e1); *lhs = *lhs + tmp`.
(And similar for other operations.)

Author: I ran a linter on the Aptos framework and the over 800 on-chain packages and found no single use case of LHS with side effects. So perhaps not bother the reader with unnecessary details. And also I think the current description is accurate.

Reviewer: Well, it can go in the reference book if we ever write it.

> | `-=`   | Performs subtraction and update the left-hand value         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-=`   | Performs subtraction and updates the left-hand value         |
```

Reviewer 2: (and similarly elsewhere)

Author: done

| `*=`   | Performs multiplication and update the left-hand value      |
| `%=`   | Performs modular division and update the left-hand value    |
| `/=`   | Performs truncating division and update the left-hand value |
| `&=`   | Performs bitwise and and update the left-hand value         |
| `\|=`  | Performs bitwise or and update the left-hand value          |
| `^=`   | Performs bitwise xor and update the left-hand value         |
| `<<=`  | Performs shift left and update the left-hand value          |
| `>>=`  | Performs shift right and update the left-hand value         |

> For `e1 op= e2`, the **modifying operand** `e2` is evaluated first, followed by the **assigned operand** `e1`. The result of performing `op` on the operand values is then stored in the left-hand side location. The assigned operand is only evaluated once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `e1 += e2`, the **modifying operand** `e2` is evaluated first, followed by the **assigned operand** `e1`. The result of performing `+` on the operand values is then stored in the left-hand side location. The assigned operand is only evaluated once. Similarly for all other operations listed in the table above.
```

Author: done
